# My Big Mover Project
## Intro
#### This project was completed in my Computer Hardware and Software Support. We were to use the tools provided by Amazon Web Services to complete several tasks to move data to a couple different areas. The data we used was stock information, and who the biggest movers in the market was. We were to send this data to both a queue system, and also to an email. Here is how we did it. 
## Lambda
#### Lambda was used to create functions to carry out tasks. You could have multiple functions with this tool. One of the functions we used would pull the data directly from the website URL showing stock data, and put it into a queue system known as SQS. This function was called sqsSender. With the functions on lambda, you can also add specific policies that allow you to do more with the function. Amazon had several policies you could add such as SES Full Access. This gives you all the abilities to create a function that sends emails out to a specific email. Lambda was one of the more important pieces to creating this project.
## SQS
#### As mentioned above, SQS is a queue system that allows the user to hold multiple messages in a queue. This tool was helpful in the project as we needed a place to hold data. With there being messages in the queue, it allowed one of our other lambda functions to read directly from the SQS. In this case, we used the function sqsSender to record the stock data in the SQS, and used a function called sqsReciever to read the messages in the queue and let the user know a message has been received, while also sending out an email.
## SES
#### SES was the tool that made it possible to send out emails. Initially, this is what the project started out with. We were given a task to get 2 emails verified through the SES system. Once done, we could then implement these emails into our project. Once the emails are verified, we can use these emails in our lambda functions. Therefore, I used my indiana tech email in the sqsReceiver function. As specified above, this function would send an email with the message in the SQS.
## Restful API
#### Restful API is a place where you can write code to make an interface. It works kind of like HTML which is used to make websites and other interfaces. Restful API was used in this project through Visual Studio and GitHub. Much of the code and pictures showing the success of this project was initially saved in Visual Studio, and then pushed over to GitHub Desktop. I could then push the information over to an actual GitHub website. That is where you are currently reading this. Visual Studio also is where I was able to write these explanations. I can make some of this text bold or italicized with code on visual studio.
## Project Scope
#### Now that you have an explanation of each of the moving parts, here is how it all works. One lambda function will pull information from stocks and put it into a formatted message and send it off to SQS. The next function will take that information and send it out as an email. Another function not mentioned called Eventwatch allows this to trigger every day at 9:00am. So every morning I will receive a message telling me who the biggest movers were on the day the email was sent. Overall, a very nifty tool to have especially for those involved in the stock market.
